[Music]
Hey
from our playing doctor with tropical
fruit Department comes this tasty tail
tie a banana peel like this for a week
and see what happens to your body really
yeah it's for real so what do you do
after you've eaten a banana you probably
throw the peel away right well hold your
horses or maybe hold your monkeys would
be more apropos a banana peel is a
magical thing that can help you tackle
problems with corns calluses acne and
even psoriasis come on have you ever
seen a chimpanzee with acne me neither
it can even remove that nasty splinter
that's been bothering you since this
morning
in this video you'll learn a bunch of
banana tricks to apply this appealing
peel so that you'll never want to toss
another one again but first of all
subscribe to our Channel and turn on
notifications now you'll be the first to
get to know about the new videos that
appear daily on the bright side of life
counting down from number 10 banana peel
can remove a nasty splinter we've all
had to deal with splinters at least once
in our life how do you get rid of them
by using sterilized needles oh ouch
luckily we have some really good news
for you you can remove a splinter or a
sliver of glass without any pain all you
need is the peel of a ripe banana the
banana peel contains enzymes that have a
pulling effect they will help bring a
foreign object to the surface of your
skin
first of all cut a square piece from a
ripened banana peel and cover the
affected area with it the pulp side of
the peel should be against your skin
hold the peel in place and secure it
with some surgical tape leave this
bandage on overnight
by the morning the banana peel will have
drawn the splinter to the surface of
your skin it should be very easy to
remove it using a pair of tweezers if
you're lucky the splinter will already
be in the peel when you take the bandage
off if the splinter is torturing you by
setting deeper than you expect it you'll
probably need to leave the banana peel
on for several nights just don't forget
to use a fresh piece of peel every time
[Music]
number 9
banana peel can help you get rid of
corns and calluses doctors often tell
you that corns or calluses on your feet
can come off only with surgery don't
rush to go under the knife try using a
banana peel first to do this place the
banana peel along your foot with a pulp
side down and pull on a sock be careful
not to remove the peel where this banana
sock overnight you might dream about
monkeys or yawn repeat this procedure
every night and if you can leave it on
during the day as well until you feel
those calluses and corns aren't
bothering you anymore remember to
replace the peel as soon as it turns
black even if you don't have problems
with corns and calluses applying a
banana peel to your feet will make them
supple and soft right guys
[Music]
number eight banana peel can ease
bruises banana peel won't rid you of a
bruise completely however it will
alleviate the pain and improve your
condition banana peel contains a mixture
of enzymes known to thin the blood cut a
piece of banana peel it shouldn't be
much bigger than your bruise secure it
to the affected area with surgical tape
leave this bandage overnight and remove
it in the morning another way to treat a
bruise is to rub a piece of banana peel
over the sore area for a couple of
minutes several times a day the banana
peel will reduce discoloration and speed
up the healing process now if we could
just buy a banana that doesn't itself
Bruce then it would be perfect number
seven banana peel can relieve pain
according to the pain Research Institute
banana peel can serve as a natural
painkiller to feel better apply a piece
of peel to the painful area you should
feel some relief rather quickly
[Music]
banana peel can remove warts banana peel
is successfully used to get rid of warts
you should tape a piece of banana peel
to the ward with upside down with the
use of a bandage surgical tape or a
strong band-aid keep it there until the
peel turns completely black which will
most likely happen after several days
after that replace it with a fresh piece
of banana peel you may need to do this
for several weeks but in the end the
unwanted wart will disappear those who
have tried this method say that warts
just peel off like pieces of dead skin
number 5 banana peel effectively fights
acne due to the antioxidants that banana
peel contains as well as a carotenoid
vitamin related to vitamin A it can
reduce inflammation and treat acne
affected skin you need to pick a ripe
banana peel it tear off a piece of its
peel and use it to rub your face gently
the pulp side should be against your
skin massage your skin for about 10
minutes
if the peel becomes black replace it
with another piece if it's at all
possible don't rinse your skin until the
end of the day hey nobody will see it
they'll just think you smell delicious
alternatively you can rub your face with
banana peel before going to bed so that
it stays on overnight you can wash it
off in the morning repeat this procedure
for several days after some time you'll
notice positive changes acne will either
start to disappear or become much less
red
[Music]
number four use a banana peel to treat
poison ivy rash you can also use the
peel of a banana to treat a poison ivy
rash to soothe the affected skin rub a
piece of banana peel over the rash pulp
side down this will also provide a nice
cooling effect if your skin is too sore
to rub anything on it scrape the insides
of the peel with a knife apply the
resulting paste to the affected skin and
leave for several hours this will help
reduce inflammation as well as
irritation number three your mosquito
bites will feel better thanks to a
banana peel banana peel has an
anti-inflammatory effect and can also
reduce the pain caused by mosquito bites
you can either rub the banana peel over
the place of the bike for several
minutes or prepare a paste to apply if
you choose the second option scrape the
insides of a banana peel and put this
paste on the place of the bite leave it
there for an hour and then remove it
with cold water this procedure will
reduce the size and redness of a
mosquito bite it will also alleviate
itching and provide a cooling effect
[Music]
number two banana peel can heal
psoriasis
now psoriasis is a skin condition that's
pretty painful and bothersome it may
affect the skin on different parts of
the body banana peel contains
antioxidants and vitamins which protect
the skin and make it soft but more
importantly it has natural cooling
antiseptic and anti-inflammatory
properties
that's why banana peel can ease the
symptoms of this unpleasant skin
condition all you need to do is rub a
piece of banana peel over the affected
area for several minutes until the peel
turns black the pulp side should of
course be against your skin leave it
this way for a half an hour afterward
wash the area with lukewarm water repeat
this procedure three times a day for
several weeks at the end of the period
you'll notice that the symptoms of
psoriasis have become less prominent
number one banana peel can protect you
from UV rays banana peel can be used to
protect the eyes from damaging UV rays
although you'll need to get a banana
peel inside your body to achieve this
effect the peel is rich in lutein which
encourages the regeneration of retinal
cells this is good news for your night
vision in addition this compound
protects the cells of your eyes from
harmful UV rays how come banana peel has
so many medicinal uses well
banana peel is 3 times richer and
nutrients than the fruit itself it
contains many elements beneficial for
the health of your body skin hair and
teeth banana peel can supply you with
potassium an incredibly important
element your body needs to build muscles
the peel also contains large amounts of
soluble and insoluble fiber which can
lower your cholesterol levels the
tryptophan that banana peel contains
will improve the quality of your sleep
and can even treat insomnia
banana peel is rich in antioxidants this
is the very reason why it's so good for
treating skin problems but that's not
the end of the story on top of that
banana peel compounds protect the cells
of your body from mutations that may
lead to cancer banana peel also contains
the nutrients that make red blood cells
stronger as a result these cells have no
problems dispatching oxygen to all body
tissues banana peel also contains high
levels of lutein this compound plays a
crucial role in preventing macular
degeneration and cataracts some really
great benefits from the long curve
yellow fruit huh I guess the only
downside here is that you might
occasionally smell like monkey farts but
it's a small price to pay hey have you
ever used a banana peel for medicinal
purposes
tell us in the comments below about your
experience and remember to hit that like
button if you think this video might
help you deal with any health problems
in the future
see you next time
you